The YEEZY Gap Hoodie Has Dropped Online
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/yeezy-gap-hoodie-kanye-west-release-information-buy-online

Kanye West Spotted Wearing Nike Once Again
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/kanye-west-spotted-wearing-nike-once-again-info

YEEZY Gap Website Displays New Countdown
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/yeezy-gap-countdown-website-info

Walmart Takes YEEZY to Court, Continues To Claim Logo Similarity
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/walmart-yeezy-court-sun-ray-logo-similarity-trademark-lawsuit

The 'Yu-Gi-Oh!' Kaiba Corporation Store Is Officially Open
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/yu-gi-oh-kaiba-corporation-store-open-exclusive-products

--------------------------------------------------------------
            
Leaked Facebook Study Confirms Celebrity Instagram Content Is Linked to Negative Feelings for Viewers
https://hypebeast.com/2021/10/facebook-instagram-celebrity-account-followers-negative-social-comparison-leaked-study

Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell Insists U.S. Won't Ban Cryptocurrencies
https://hypebeast.com/2021/10/federal-reserve-chairman-jerome-powell-wont-ban-cryptocurrencies

Scarlett Johansson and Disney Settle 'Black Widow' Lawsuit
https://hypebeast.com/2021/10/scarlett-johansson-disney-black-widow-lawsuit-settlement

The Telephone Number Featured in ‘Squid Game’ Is Being Bombarded With Late-Night Calls
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/squid-game-telephone-number-calls-real-life-85000

Wale and J. Cole Reunite for Dynamic New Track “Poke It Out”
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/wale-j-cole-poke-it-out-stream-listen

You Can Now Start Group Chats Across Instagram and Facebook Messenger
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/instagram-facebook-chat-across-apps

Huma Bhabha’s Totemic Sculptures Fill the Halls of Xavier Hufkens
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/huma-bhabha-the-setup-xavier-hufkens

Lil Nas X, Grimes and More Release NFTs in TikTok’s First Official Collection
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/lil-nas-x-grimes-tiktok-creator-nft-collection

José Parlá Releases a Limited Screenprint Dedicated to the Many Artists Who Shaped Him
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/jose-parla-the-founders-avant-arte-screenprint

A Café in Singapore Is Inviting Visitors To Try ‘Squid Game's’ Honeycomb Challenge
https://hypebeast.com/2021/9/squid-game-honeycomb-challenge-brown-butter-cafe-singapore

--------------------------------------------------------------
            
Google’s Search On fall 2021 event: news and announcements
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/29/22699191/google-search-on-fall-2021-news-announcements

Google expands shopping searches with Lens and in-store inventory checks
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/29/22696646/google-shopping-lens-search-inventory-check-ios-chrome

Google Lens will soon search for words and images combined
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/29/22698014/google-lens-update-text-search-desktop-chrome

Google is using AI to help users explore the topics they’re searching for — here’s how
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/29/22696268/google-search-on-updates-ai-mum-explained

Artificial intelligence might eventually write this article
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/28/22696041/artificial-intelligence-ai-gpt-3-writer-podcast-vergecast

Gitamini is a cute, compact, cargo-carrying robot that will follow you around like a dog
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/22/22685649/gita-gitamini-cargo-carrying-robot-piaggio

AI might help edit the next generation of blockbusters
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/21/22671542/vergecast-ai-series-video-production-adobe-flawless

Everyone will be able to clone their voice in the future
https://www.theverge.com/22672123/ai-voice-clone-synthesis-deepfake-applications-vergecast

Facebook says its AI mislabeling a video of Black men as “primates” was “unacceptable”
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/4/22657026/facebook-mislabeling-video-black-men-primates-algorithm

AI computers can’t patent their own inventions — yet — a US judge rules
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/3/22656039/ai-inventor-patent-copyright-uspto-federal-court-ruling

Quick phrases could let you skip ‘Hey, Google’ for common tasks
https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/2/22653614/google-assistant-quick-phrases-guacamole-salsas-wake-word-phrase

How to watch Tesla’s AI day event 
https://www.theverge.com/2021/8/19/22632384/tesla-event-watch-ai-day-elon-musk-start-time-live-stream

What to expect from Tesla’s AI day event
https://www.theverge.com/2021/8/18/22627101/tesla-event-ai-day-rumors-elon-musk-what-to-expect

Inside Amazon’s $3.5 million competition to make Alexa chat like a human
https://www.theverge.com/2018/6/13/17453994/amazon-alexa-prize-2018-competition-conversational-ai-chatbots

OpenAI can translate English into code with its new machine learning software Codex
https://www.theverge.com/2021/8/10/22618128/openai-codex-natural-language-into-code-api-beta-access

Twitter’s photo-cropping algorithm prefers young, beautiful, and light-skinned faces
https://www.theverge.com/2021/8/10/22617972/twitter-photo-cropping-algorithm-ai-bias-bug-bounty-results

Amazon gives Alexa a new iOS widget and the ability to assign reminders 
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/29/22600568/amazon-alexa-widget-ios-assign-reminders

This YouTube channel is using AI to gloriously remaster classic game cutscenes
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/25/22593438/upscale-enhance-hd-4k-8k-final-fantasy-kingdom-hearts-wow-onimusha

DeepMind creates ‘transformative’ map of human proteins drawn by artificial intelligence
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/22/22586578/deepmind-alphafold-ai-protein-folding-human-proteome-released-for-free

New Anthony Bourdain documentary deepfakes his voice
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/15/22578707/anthony-bourdain-documentary-deepfake-voice

Black teen barred from skating rink by inaccurate facial recognition
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/15/22578801/black-teen-skating-rink-inaccurate-facial-recognition

Inside Waymo’s strategy to grow the best brains for self-driving cars
https://www.theverge.com/2018/5/9/17307156/google-waymo-driverless-cars-deep-learning-neural-net-interview

US sanctions a Chinese facial recognition company with Silicon Valley funding
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/9/22570225/us-sanctions-chinese-facial-recognition-silicon-valley-funding

GitHub’s automatic coding tool rests on untested legal ground
https://www.theverge.com/2021/7/7/22561180/github-copilot-legal-copyright-fair-use-public-code

Maine passes the strongest state facial recognition ban yet
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/30/22557516/maine-facial-recognition-ban-state-law

Federal agencies use facial recognition from private companies, but almost nobody is keeping track
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/29/22556068/federal-agencies-facial-recognition-report-privacy-security-oversight

GitHub and OpenAI launch a new AI tool that generates its own code
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/29/22555777/github-openai-ai-tool-autocomplete-code

Rembrandt’s Night Watch uncropped by AI 300 years after it was trimmed  
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/24/22548402/rembrandt-night-watch-uncropped-artificial-intelligence-rijksmuseum

Artificial intelligence is going to supercharge surveillance
https://www.theverge.com/2018/1/23/16907238/artificial-intelligence-surveillance-cameras-security

Canon put AI cameras in its Chinese offices that only let smiling workers inside
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/17/22538160/ai-camera-smile-recognition-office-workers-china-canon

Facebook develops new method to reverse-engineer deepfakes and track their source
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/16/22534690/facebook-deepfake-detection-reverse-engineer-ai-model-hyperparameters

Facebook’s AI moderator will tell group admins when users are beefing in the comments
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/16/22534643/facebook-group-admin-moderation-tools-ai-flag-comments-fighting

Google is using AI to design its next generation of AI chips more quickly than humans can
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/10/22527476/google-machine-learning-chip-design-tpu-floorplanning

Apple’s Siri will finally work without an internet connection with on-device speech recognition
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/7/22522993/apple-siri-on-device-speech-recognition-no-internet-wwdc

Apple’s Live Text is going to read all the text in all your photos with AI
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/7/22522859/apple-live-text-photos-notes-ios-15-wwdc

Have autonomous robots started killing in war? The reality is messier than it appears
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/3/22462840/killer-robot-autonomous-drone-attack-libya-un-report-context

Clearview AI hit with sweeping legal complaints over controversial face scraping in Europe
https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/27/22455446/clearview-ai-legal-privacy-complaint-privacy-international-facial-recognition-eu

Google isn’t ready to turn search into a conversation
https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/26/22454513/google-future-of-search-conversation-ai-mum-lamda

--------------------------------------------------------------
            
